What is HTTP?
HTTP standards for HyperText Transfer Protocol, this is the protocol used to send and receive information between computers on the internet.

What is a URL?
URL stands for Uniform Resource Locator and it is the human-plain-english name attributed to the domain name of a website in place of just its IP address.

What is TCP?
TCP is the transmission control protocol - this is the protocol in charge of sending and checking that all packages for a file have been sent/received.

What is IP?
IP is the internet protocol and this is the protocol which governs how the internet functions.

What is DNS?
DNS is the Domain Name Server - which is like a giant yellow pages that matches certain URLs with the actual IP addresses and sends that IP address back to a requester.

What is idempotent?
Idempotent means a type of request (or header) that stays the same re: information requested and given and rarely deviates off a standard form.

What is a query string?
A query string is any additional informaton provided by a client to the server.

What is a path or route?
A path or route is the way packets of data travel from a server to the client.  These paths/routes are never direct and can take a number of routes depending on the relationship/time/politics between the client country + server country.

List four HTTP Verbs and their use cases.
Get - a request to receive information from a server.
Post - information submitted to a server.
Patch - used to modify information on a server that is usually pre-existing.
Delete - used to delete information off a server.

What is a client?
A client is anyone computer that requests information from a server.

What is a server?
A server is a computer that hosts informations and answers requests from clients to provide information.

What is an HTTP request?
A HTTP request is a request made by a client to retrieve access to a website or any other information from a server.

What is an HTTP response?
A HTTP response is a response made by a server in relation to a request made by the client to provide information from the server.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
HTTP header are additional information provided in relation to request/responses - these may include browser version, username of client, cookies and the html text of the page requested.

What is REST?
REST (REpresentation State Transfer) is a framework that guides the philosophy behind the design of an API.

What is JSON?
JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is a form of notation used to store information of objects in text form.

What happens when you type in "Hello World" in google.com and press enter?
1) You send a get request to google to retrieve page lists for hello world.
2) Google compiles the search and sends back a response containing the page.
3) Your web browser deciphers the page and sends additional requests to google for other resources as required.

What does it mean when we say the web is "stateless"?
'Stateless' means each request is independent and therefore is unaffected by each previous and subsequent request.

What is curl?
curl is a terminal command that retrieves certain HTTP information from terminal.

Make a GET request to http://omdbapi.com?t=titanic using curl (your answer should be the curl command required).
curl -v 'http://omdbapi.com?t=titanic' \