What does the throw keyword do?
The throw keyword stops the execution of a try statement and returns the values within the throw statement.  The catch statement will be executed afterwards.

What does the finally keyword do?
The finally keyword contains code that will execue regardless of whether the try statement or catch statement is successful or not.

What is the difference between a TypeError and ReferenceError?
A type error occurs when a specific data type is used in a way that it is not intended (e.g. when a method does not exist for a number - like trying to use toLowerCase()).  A reference error occurs where there is an invalid reference (e.g. referring to a variable that has not been declared or does not exist).

How do you create a snippet in the chrome dev tools?
1) go to about:blank in chrome
2) type f12
3) click the sources tab
4) click the snippets tab
5) click new snippet

In the Chrome dev tools, on the right hand side of the sources tab, there is a pause button which allows you to pause on caught exceptions.  What is an exception?
An exception is basic and error in code (e.g. reference error) - you use this function to find where errors are.

How do we catch errors in Javascript?  Give an example with code for what that might look like.
We catch errors in Javascript by using try/catch statements.  A try statement tests a box of code for an error and if an error exists the catch statement will execute.

For example:

try {
	person;
}

catch(error) {
	console.log("The error is", error.name)
}

Explain what type of error will be thrown

1. Reference error as 'person' is not defined.  Fix this by adding var to the front.
2. Type error is provided as displayInfo is not a function for data.  Fix this by declaring a prototype function for data.
3. Type error is provided as displayInfo is not a property for data and is therefore undefined.  Fix this by declaring displayInfo as a property of data and declare it as an object.
4. Reference error as thing is not defined in the global scope - it is only defined in the local scope of a data().  Declare thing in the global scope by using var thing = data () and within the data() function using a return statement to return the value of thing.